docs(hipthreads) edited and renamed the existing hipthreads doc (#10195)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipthreads/docs/conceptual/hipThreads-execution-model.rst

In a typical GPU programming model, each unit of parallel work is expressed as a kernel launch. For workloads that create many short-lived parallel tasks, such as iterative algorithms that spawn and join threads in a loop, kernel launch overhead is incurred on every iteration.

hipthreads replaces this pattern with a submit-to-scheduler model:

- A single persistent kernel runs for the lifetime of the application's ``hip::wthread`` usage.
- Each ``hip::wthread`` construction submits a work item to the scheduler, which dispatches it to an available virtual core (vcore).
- Joining a ``hip::wthread`` waits for that work item to complete without tearing down the kernel.

The execution model for hipThreads relies on the persistent scheduling kernel. When the first ``hip::wthread`` object is created, a scheduler kernel is launched on a dedicated stream.

Each subsequent ``hip::wthread`` object is submitted to this persistent scheduler kernel as a work item. The scheduler loops, polling work items in the queue, and running their workload.

The scheduler kernel persists until the last ``hip::wthread`` object is destroyed.

> The scheduler manages a fixed grid of vcores. Each work-group processor (WGP) on the GPU hosts a configurable number of vcores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler manages a fixed grid of vcores. Each workgroup processor (WGP) on the GPU hosts a configurable number of vcores.
```

> The logical thread executes across multiple SIMD lanes called fibers within a single GPU wavefront. All fibers in a thread execute in lockstep.

Reviewer 2: This seems confusing to me. A logical thread executes on one lane of an SIMD within a GPU wavefront. All lanes in a wavefront execute in lockstep. Is the fiber something new here? Or is it merely a different word for thread or lane?

Author: It's something different. We'll be adding a glossary at a later time.

Reviewer 3: This wording was probably carried over from before we re-named `hip::thread` to `hip::wthread` (precisely to avoid this kind of confusion). We used the term "fiber" instead of "thread" to disambiguate this a bit, but it's less necessary now that we've renamed the `hip::thread` class to `hip::wthread`. For now, we could maybe re-phrase as something like:

```
The wthread executes across multiple "Single Instruction, Multiple Data" (SIMD) lanes (called "fibers" in this documentation) within a single GPU wavefront. All fibers in a wthread execute in lockstep.
```

> The logical thread executes across multiple SIMD lanes called fibers within a single GPU wavefront. All fibers in a thread execute in lockstep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logical thread executes across multiple single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) lanes called fibers within a single GPU wavefront. All fibers in a thread execute in lockstep.
```

> A single ``hip::wthread`` can run as multiple fibers, with one fibre per hardware lane. Workload runs on each active lane, which enables cooperative, SIMD-style work partitioning within one ``hip::wthread``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single ``hip::wthread`` can run as multiple fibers, with one fiber per hardware lane. The workload runs on each active lane, which enables cooperative, SIMD-style work partitioning within one ``hip::wthread``.
```

Logical threads are scheduled cooperatively. ``hip::this_thread::pseudo_yield`` will run the next work item nested inside the current one. Once the nested work item completes, the original workload can continue. There is no preemption or hardware blocking in this model, and synchronization primitives such as ``condition_variable`` spin and yield rather than block.

.. note::

>   Because the scheduler kernel persists as long as any ``hip::wthread`` object exists, any call that waits for GPU work to finish will also wait for scheduler to finish. As a result, calls such as ``hipDeviceSynchronize`` or a synchronous ``hipMemcpy`` will deadlock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because the scheduler kernel persists as long as any ``hip::wthread`` object exists, any call that waits for all GPU work to finish will also wait for the scheduler to finish. As a result, calls such as ``hipDeviceSynchronize`` or a synchronous ``hipMemcpy`` can deadlock.
```
